Welcome to PassLock - Your Password Manager !

This application is written by Vishal Kumar Paswan , an aspiring programmer who is keen on making GUIs as fun . This is one of his creations .

Well , why I am saying "his" ? It's my creation ! I'm Vishal Kumar Paswan and this is one of my bigger achievements in programming .

Being a high-school Indian student , I don't get lots of time coding . Still , I use it on a regular basis .

Anyways , coming to the application .

This application , PassLock , is intended to generate new and strong passwords , strengthen old and weak passwords and store them with high encryption .

{ 
	With high encryption , I mean I've used a locker to lock the 'Passwords' section of the application . 

	Also , I've used binary encryption in the text file where it's stored , so it's all 0's and 1's . If you're still unsecure about your text folder , hide it .

	Using a password , you can access the file from the GUI . 

}

Coming to the main screen , it has three categories : 

	Password Generator , 
	Password Strengthener , and 
	Password Storage .

The Password Generator is a cool thing - just enter the number of characters your password needs and BOOM ! Four passwords , of utmost strength , appear on the underneath text browsers . 

The Password Strengthener is good , but not created that well like the others . What it does , is that it replaces some characters to numbers and symbols on some places in the password to make it stronger .

The Password Storage is something you will need and appreciate . It stores your passwords in the form of :

	Username :  
	Password : 
	Purposes : 

and store them in your file in the form of binary code .

To access your passwords , 

	1. Go to the "Passwords" button , at the top right of the Main Window .

	2. Enter the security password : Vishal@229198112 in the given text input .

	3. Click "Confirm" .

At last , I'll list some do's and dont's for using this programme .

Do's :

	Use strong passwords to be store in our application for online activities .
	Go to the file and clear it , if you want all passwords to be cleaned ( I'll update that soon ) .
	Store your passwords with a rememberable purpose .

Dont's :

	Don't delete / move / tamper with any files in the given application folder .
	Don't try to over-experiment values on the application ( God knows what may happen ) .
	Don't hesitate to contact me on vishalkumarpaswan.21.12.2005@gmail.com to update me regarding any bugs in my application .

Thanks to you all for using my application , and enjoy your day .

													- Vishal